Welcome to REPLesent!

REPLesent is a neat little tool to build presentations using the Scala REPL.

It is a good alternative for talks with a live coding component.

To continue, type the letter 'n' (no quotes) and then RETURN.
---
You can use 'n' to advance to the next slide.

Let's try 'n' again to see it.
---
To go back to a previous slide, you can type 'p'.

Try 'p' now to return to the last slide and
then use 'n' twice to go to our next slide.

But please be careful to not read and follow these instructions again.

We do not want you to get stuck in a infinite loop between two slides.
---
Nice, I am glad you made your way to this slide.

But you know, all that "use 'n' twice" business was a lot of effort.

There should be a better way to advance two slides at once.

And, as a matter of fact, there is!

You should really try '2 n'. Go ahead, enter '2 n' and let's see what happens!
---
Holy cow, that was awesome!

OK, let's try something new again.

This time I want you to type 'l'.

I'm not telling what it does.
---
OK, we have just skipped a slide.

Aren't you curious to know what that slide had to tell us?

We know we could use 'p' to read it, but let's try something different.

The slide we missed was number 5.

To jump to slide 5, just use the command '5 go'. Go!
---
Creating presentations is ultra easy.

All you need is a plain text file. Anything you write in the file will be
displayed on the screen, properly centered vertically and horizontally.

To separate slides, just put three dashes (---) on a line by themselves.

It is also possible to create "builds", where a slide is displayed by sections.

Think bullet points in Powerpoint.

Advance to the next slide to learn more about builds.
---
Builds are separated by two dashes (--) on a line by themselves.

Type 'n' a few times to see how it works.
--

Step 1
--

Step 2
--

Step 3
---
Oh, noes! This is the last slide.

And here ends our adventure.

But I will leave you with one last command to try: 'h'.

Good luck with that!

And don't forget to go back to slide 7 to learn how to create your own presentations!
